Add browser flag to testing (#324)
go-rod/rod: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Check type `defaults.ResetWithEnv` for how it works.

### Specify browser binary

> To use a locally installed browser, instead of downloading the latest version of chromium every time while running tests, use the `--browser-bin=<command to launch browser>` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `-browser-bin` flag to specify a custom browser executable path:
```

For example:
```bash

> go test -v --browser-bin=google-chrome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go test -v --browser-bin=/path/to/browser
```

Not just chrome, user can choose edge
